Update docs for `let mut` (#80)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/guide/data_types.md

```

We haven't discussed exports yet, but we'll go much deeper into them in another section.

## Mutable record properties

> We've previously creating mutable `let` bindings, but you can also label individual properties on your records `mut`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've previously created mutable `let` bindings with the `mut` keyword. In a similar fashion, we can also create mutable record fields.
```

```grain
export data Counter = {
  mut count: Number
}

let counter = { count: 0 }

let incr = (c) => {
  c.count = c.count + 1
}

let decr = (c) => {
  c.count = c.count - 1

> }

Reviewer: I like this example, though I'm not sure it makes sense in the docs since `incr` and `decr` both shadow real values in Pervasives.

Author: I'll change to `addOne` and `subtractOne` and then use the `incr` and `decr` from Pervasives. I like that more.
